vice president
perez quinones
tel zur
human computer
ten year
present day
e mail
e mail
in depth
two year
net centric
ill documented
back of the envelope
multi terabyte
sub disciplines
sub disciplines
real world
well defined
high level

web related
multi core
net centric
co operate

net centric
net centric
service oriented architecture
object oriented
re use
two letter
far reaching
web based
full scale
crisis du jour
life long
sub divide
system level
high level
computer based
computer based
computer based
computer based
information retrieval
human computer
human computer
open source
face to face
non technical
over emphasized
transfer oriented
associate degree
baccalaureate degree
post secondary
well defined
post secondary
well defined
post secondary
off shoring
in class
pseudo code
one half
two year
well defined
four year
two year
topic based
systems based
high quality
web based
grass roots
cross cutting
web based
cross cutting
net centric
multi media
often quoted
pre university
often quoted
pre university
over simplify
well being

thirty eighth



net centric
human computer
one semester
real life
inclusion exclusion
event driven
programming related
higher level
problem solving
problem solving
problem solving
round off
built in
user defined
high level
divide and conquer
divide and conquer
event handling
event driven
command line
event driven
object oriented
information hiding
object oriented
object oriented
is a
object oriented
cost benefit
risk assessment
run time
real world
well defined
brute force
divide and conquer
branch and bound
brute force
divide and conquer
branch andbound
divide and conquer
problem solving
collision avoidance
breadth first
shortest path
collision resolution
application specific
depth first
breadth first
all pairs
finite state
context free
context free
finite state
np completeness
np complete
np completeness
np complete
push down
context free
context free
church turing
context free
context sensitive
top down
bottom up
church turing
private key
key exchange
public key
number theoretic
public key
complexity theoretic
parallel prefix
high level
floating point
memory to
flow of control
machine level
low level
low level
high level
machine level
register to
high level
direct memory
closed loop
cost performance
instruction level
machine level
special purpose
special purpose
bit
special purpose
out of order
out of order
re orders
net centric
near term
touch screen
computer based
non technical
hall effect
high performance
computer based
client server
hand held
client server
object oriented
micro kernel
producer consumer
run time
real time
non preemptive
fair share
short term
medium term
long term
real time
cost performance
trade offs
trade offs
hand held
memory mapped
special purpose
real time
real time
real time
real time
implementation specific
originator controlled
role based
harrison russo ullman
bell lapadula
clark wilson
c lists
bell lapadula
bell lapadula
net centric
sub specialties
hands on
real world
net centric
e mail
net centric
near term
secret key
public key
public key
public key
public key
e mail
server side
client side
client server
client server
web based
database driven
enterprise wide
web based
client server
database driven
web based
enterprise wide
web based
denial of service
ziv lempel
real time
run length
ziv lempel
non technical
satellite based
client server
e mail
near term
object oriented
non algorithmic
programming in the small
programming in the large
machine dependent
machine independent
machine dependent
machine independent
type checking
programming in the large
type checking
call by value
call by reference
programming in the large
object oriented
information hiding
object oriented
object oriented
is a
object oriented
recursively defined
context free
table driven
recursive descent
architecture specific
syntax directed
push down
type checking
user defined
type checking
user defined
human computer
human computer
life cycle
user centered
human computer
user centered
user centered
user centered
action object
object action
user interface
expert based
think aloud
expert based
low fidelity
user interface
user centered
multi modal
multi cultural
error trap
cross platform
kernel based
client server
event driven
constraint based
cross platform
multi player
e mail
face to face
face to face
software mediated
tele presence
three dimensional
computer created
two dimensional
dimensional
dimensional
light source
anti aliasing
pixel based
image based
non photorealistic
image based
z buffer
key frame
in between
free form
ray casting
parallel coordinates
time critical
image base
image based
region based
computer aided
real time
human like
human like
human like
human like
brute force
best first
two player
alpha beta
brute force
alpha beta
two player
constraint satisfaction
non monotonic
problem solving
non monotonic
state of the art
agent based
decision theoretic
information gathering
multi agent
multi agent
multi agent
multi agent
corpus based
corpus based
operator based
operator based
case based
state of the art
state of the art
medium size
object oriented
entity relationship
th generation
non procedural
non procedural
object oriented
stand alone
lossless join
dependency preservation
lossless join
dependency preservation
client server
two phase
client server
b trees
b trees
close the loop
internet based
web enabled
content based
real time
video on demand
content based
long term
lower level
in depth
gender related
team work
counter analogy
up to date
self assess
whistle blowing
whistle blowing
decision making
up to date
incident recovery
non security
security related
computer based
denial of service
large scale
object oriented
component level
data structured
open source
medium size
open source
component based
large scale
team work
life cycle
non functional
medium sized
non formal
medium size
black box
white box
object oriented
non code
medium size
medium size
medium size
object oriented
re engineering
medium sized
decision making
on time
client server
component based
component oriented
object oriented
state of the art
high quality
component based
component oriented
non executable
post assertions
medium sized
real time
client server
web based
high integrity
system wide
fail safe
fail safe
non trivial
problem solving
full semester
multi core
co requisite
role based
cross site
speed up
super linear
speed up
multi threading
multi core
directory based
cross bar
higher level
array based
domain specific
high productivity
co processor
co processor
speed up

